Update .NET Standard overview for .NET 5 (#20955)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/choosing-core-framework-server.md

### .NET technologies not available for .NET 5

Some .NET Framework technologies aren't available in .NET 5. The following list shows the most common technologies not found in .NET 5:

- ASP.NET Web Forms applications: ASP.NET Web Forms are only available in .NET Framework. ASP.NET Core cannot be used for ASP.NET Web Forms.

- ASP.NET Web Pages applications: ASP.NET Web Pages aren't included in ASP.NET Core.

- WCF services implementation. Even when there’s a [WCF client library](https://github.com/dotnet/wcf) to consume WCF services from .NET 5, WCF server implementation is currently only available in .NET Framework.

- Workflow-related services: Windows Workflow Foundation (WF), Workflow Services (WCF + WF in a single service), and WCF Data Services (formerly known as "ADO.NET Data Services") are only available in .NET Framework.

- Language support: Visual Basic and F# are currently supported in .NET 5, but not for all project types. For a list of supported project templates, see [Template options for dotnet new](../core/tools/dotnet-new.md#arguments).

### Platform doesn’t support .NET 5

> Some Microsoft or third-party platforms don’t support .NET 5. Some Azure services provide an SDK not yet available for consumption on .NET 5. In such cases, you can use the equivalent REST API instead of the client SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some Microsoft or third-party platforms don't support .NET 5. Some Azure services provide an SDK not yet available for consumption on .NET 5. In such cases, you can use the equivalent REST API instead of the client SDK.
```

You must have the automatic replacement feature for apostrophes turned off in VS Code.

Author: I didn't know about that feature - I'll look it up, thanks.

Reviewer: https://review.docs.microsoft.com/en-us/help/contribute/docs-authoring/smart-quote-replacement?branch=master

Author: Thanks for the review and the VS Code info!
